Adding additional features without breaking previous functionality requires adding additional information to the headers of the index card. These headers would be written on each card and can include any number of functionalities. While all cards will not have all possible headers, all will include sender, recipient, form of content (ASCII, binary etc.) and a unique identifier. 

To be able to send this card to anyone on the UW campus we will need a more accurate destination address system. UW consists of classrooms, faculty offices, dorm rooms and others, all carrying an identifying name and number. For example, ECE 025 tells us this person is in the Electrical and Computer Engineering building, in the basement (0 Floor) and room 25. Appending a unique identifier for each person in the room allows for the card to reach the person once inside the correct room. Specifying whether the contents are ASCII, Unicode, or binary merely requires another header written on the card and a system in place dictating that a value of 0 is binary, 1 is ASCII, and 01 is Unicode. Adding other content types, as necessary. Adding an alterable header that each node will append their own unique identifier to as it passes through allows us to understand the route of the index card through the network. These headers would not change the metadata of the card and would incorporate the sender, recipient, and unique identifier as headers to enable current functionality and add the potential for countless new identifiers to be added. 
